In four walls

Part 1
"Start"

I woke up on the bus when the bus arrived at my station. I left the salon and stepped onto the white snow, and the year was 2075 outside. 10 years have passed since the spark and there is only a snowy desert around, and cities with settlements living their own lives. The bus stopped in city No. 685, where I will work in an underground station.
I walked down the stairs leading to the subway. The steps were covered with snow, on which dirty footprints could be seen. These traces were left by passers-by who, apparently, were leaving this city for the southern lands, and there was a beautiful city - “Warm Land”. I grew up in this city, but I need money to support myself.
Going down the stairs, I noticed that the metro was built on several floors. On the 0th floor there was the metro itself to warmer climes, as well as a return route that was most likely under construction, on the -1st floor there was a chain of stores where you could buy everything you wanted, on the -2nd floor there were all sorts of cafes, restaurants, bars, on -3 On the floor there was a large gym with its own sports equipment, barbells, dumbbells and so on. But the descent to the -4th floor is closed by a door that can only be opened with a worker’s card, naturally I had it and I went through the opened door. When I went down, I saw a line of people just like me, and when I got in line, I stood there for about 2 hours. When it was finally my turn, the man sitting behind the window gave me a number and told me to put my things down, then go to the common room where we would be given further instructions.
Having handed over all my things, I went into the common room. There were a lot of workers here and it was quite spacious; I sat down at a table where there were more people. They discussed their lives and work, why they got a job here, and so on. Suddenly a voice came from the loudspeaker, which explained everything to us what and how to do. After this speech, we all left the table and went to collect our things, and then we went down to the floor below. This floor looked like an abandoned subway, with flickering electric lights and steel railings on either side of the platform. Approaching one of them and looking down, I saw not railroad tracks, but a dark abyss. Without fully inspecting the area, when my number - 256 - had already sounded, and then a carriage arrived with the number 256 written on it. Realizing that this was my carriage, I sat on it, then the steel doors closed and the carriage rushed off somewhere.
During the trip, the lamps constantly flashed, illuminating the interior of the carriage and the doors outside that led to the workers' quarters. After about half an hour of real time, the carriage began to slow down until it finally stopped at the door marked “256”. Taking my things and opening the door, I entered the room, which greeted me with a light draft. Without even having time to turn on the lights, the carriage moved in the opposite direction with a loud creaking sound. Almost going deaf, I turned on the light and 3 armored doors appeared in front of me. The first door had a bathroom, the second door had a bedroom and kitchen, but the third door had an equipment room. Having examined the third room more closely, I noticed several monitors on which seismic activity sensors were located, and there was also a terminal through which I apparently should have sent a report.
Suddenly the light began to flash, limestone fell from the ceiling, and on one of the monitors on the map I saw a green dot that was rapidly approaching the center of the map, I decided to leave the station and see what was happening outside, and then a carriage with a passenger flashed before my eyes inside that almost tore my nose off. I was in such shock that I even forgot why I left the station, after standing for about five minutes, a carriage rushed by again, which made me wake up.
I returned to the equipment room, sat down on a chair and began to write a report, and then I transmitted the entire report via the terminal and this continued for thirty days, then I was paid a large salary of 200 thousand, much less than others, perhaps because of my father... Okay, I should also add that I was given a week off. I can say one thing - a lot happened during these thirty days, there were situations when I was a millimeter before death, but I could have avoided all this thanks to my efficiency and attentiveness. Either the ceiling was about to collapse, or the light would go out, or something else. I’ll tell you about this “something” later, but now I’ll tell you about the vacation.

Part 2
"Vacation"

Arriving from the carriage on the platform, I went up to the 0th floor and boarded the train, which led to warmer climes. When the steel doors closed, I felt a certain lightness, as if a heavy stone had been lifted from me, then I thought about something and fell asleep.
I woke up already at the stop, then I got out of the subway and my eyes almost went blind from the bright light. First of all, I wanted to visit my parents, my parents were happy to see me and were even worried about me, I stayed with them for about an hour and went on with my business. The second thing I wanted to do was find the friends I was friends with. I met them on the way to them, they were waiting for me and bombarded me with questions about the cold region, but I, in turn, answered briefly and calmly, as if nothing had happened to me. One of them even noticed my taciturnity and strange behavior, but I chalked it up to fatigue, but in fact, a whole month of loneliness left a residue on me that I can’t wash off. After a short conversation, my friends invited me to play volleyball, I couldn’t refuse, because it was my favorite sport!
We came to a special site, pulled up the net and started the game. During the moments of the game I felt like a free person, because instead of limestone there was earth, instead of psychedelically flashing lamps there was bright sun, there were people here and not... let's leave this moment aside.
Thus my week passed, and my 17th birthday was also celebrated! But I had to return to work, I said goodbye to my friends and drove back to the winter land and fell asleep again during the trip...
When I woke up, I discovered that I was still driving, and looking around, I noticed a black figure that looked like... it... it can’t be! A dark figure came up to me and took my hand, uttering a phrase that touched me - “Come home, my love!”
At this moment, I woke up in tears at a bus stop and for a long time could not collect my feelings. Pulling myself together, I went down to the -3rd floor to announce my resignation.
After quitting, I took the train back, I couldn’t live alone in four walls, it’s better with someone than without someone. With these words, I sat on the moving train, thinking over plans for a new life.

Part 3
"Something"


First day of work. The first day went well, although I was uncomfortable due to the conditions and the very psychedelic environment.

Third day of work. Today I woke up from a nightmare. I dreamed that I was leaving the station and falling into this abyss and eventually turning into a cake, falling on the surface.

Fourth day of work. Now, instead of a draft from their walls, water began to leak out, which got onto the electrical panel and turned off the electricity; this has never happened to me before.

Fifth day of work. Nothing special happened except that when the lights went out, I heard a rustling noise coming from the electrical panel, but when I opened it, I found nothing.

Seventh day of work. I was at the station, took readings from the instruments and made a report. But all this activity was interrupted by the lights going out, as well as the devices turning off; before turning off, I heard some rustling and squeaking. I picked up the toolbox and took a pistol with me just in case - you never know. Turning on the flashlight on my work helmet, I went to the electrical panel. Having opened the electrical panel, I noticed that the wires seemed to have been bitten by crooked pliers, as well as a hole the size of a fist. I, in turn, was not at a loss and took the necessary tools to close the hole, and when I took out the burner, a creature that looked like a bald rat jumped out of the hole. This rat began to quickly run over my body, and I tried to burn this creature with a torch. In the end, I was able to defeat this creature and took this rat in my hands to get a better look at it. Firstly, this creature was the size of my hand, and secondly, it was blind, it turns out that the rat attacked me, guided by the sound. Having seen enough of the rat, I left the station and threw it into the abyss; I don’t need a decaying corpse!

Tenth day of work. This time I woke up from a nightmare. It was cold and dark in the station, as most likely some rat had eaten the wires again!

Thirteenth day of work. I had a dream where a human silhouette was walking around the station, wearing a worker’s uniform, and on the uniform there was the inscription “256”.

Eighteenth day of work. I was sitting in the kitchen and preparing breakfast, when suddenly I heard a voice coming from behind the exit, this voice begged to be let inside. As a fearful person, I decided to look at the CCTV camera before opening the door. The cameras showed a human silhouette standing right in front of the entrance. The voice behind the door again asks me to let him in, and two knocks were made. I was silent and looked at the cameras, when suddenly the CCTV camera turned off, showing interference. After this, two knocks sounded louder and seemed stronger than the first two, but the calm voice still asked me to let him inside. Then the surveillance cameras turned on and for a few seconds I noticed, instead of a human silhouette, some thin creature with a bunch of appendages and standing on six limbs. After what I saw, I realized that it was a trap and went about my business, and when I returned to the CCTV camera, this six-legged creature was no longer standing at the entrance.

Twenty-fifth day of work. I woke up from a nightmare where I was falling into the abyss again, but that’s not the strangest thing. The strangest thing was that the door to the station was open, from which a tall shadow was falling. I stood motionless, looking at this shadow, eventually this shadow went away. Deciding to go outside, I discovered traces of blood leading into the void. But after I blinked, the bloody marks magically disappeared, as if they had never been there.

Twenty-ninth day of work. This time I woke up as usual, but I was lying in bed and could not move, as if my body was bound by some unknown force. At that moment, that same silhouette in a work uniform approached the bed and began to choke me, and I tried to move, but nothing worked. I tried to blink as if it would save me, and it worked. After I blinked, the silhouette that was strangling me disappeared, and I could move again.


